and today is perfect suit day and hot
and sour soup is on the menu here's what
you'll need
1 tbsp oil 1 TSP minced garlic 1 TSP
minced ginger 1/2 cup frozen peas and
carrots
quarter cup frozen corn quarter cup
green beans cut at an angle quarter cup
celery
thinly sliced 1/2 cup cauliflower finely
chopped 1 large mushroom thinly sliced 4
cups vegetable broth 1 cup egg noodles
1/2 cup thinly sliced cabbage soy sauce
to taste 1 egg optional red chili sauce
to taste salt to taste black pepper to
taste 1 tbsp vinegar or to taste 1 tbsp
corn starch spring onions cut at an
angle for garnishing if you have a pan
over here medium sized pan on medium
heat and you're gonna start by putting
some oil you using canola oil but if you
prefer you can use sesame seed oil it
just gives a very good flavor but we
just use canola well okay this is ready
let's go ahead and put in our ginger
garlic
but it does give a little flavor but if
you are averse to any one of those two
you can go ahead and skip it and just I
mean you don't want it to burn so just
seconds
ha
we're just gonna saute it a little bit
so then it gets lit off they look but it
will pretty much get cooked in the
chicken at this point
just a little bit because you're gonna
put soy sauce that's good we've actually
kept the mushrooms for little later
because mushrooms really don't need to
be cooked and if you cook them in all
this it's going to get it's gonna wilt
and they're gonna break apart yeah and
after the vegetables we're gonna go
ahead and put in egg noodles I feel if
you don't eat egg in any form you can
buy just the regular noodles and put
them and now we're going to let it come
to a boil and then simmer it for a
couple of minutes and then take it from
there
so it's been cooking for about 10 as we
make sure that the noodles are cooked
that's what you really want to cook very
well the vegetables are so fine that
they cook really fast and and the
noodles you don't want to overcook them
also because they should retain their
shape and not just fall apart in this
room
so let's go ahead and put in the
mushrooms and I'm gonna put a little bit
of spring onions inside now this is our
Indian Chinese version it's got so much
vegetables it's so flavorful so hearty
tastehh
and you're gonna put in soy sauce and
vinegar again it matters which kind of
soy sauce use there's light versions
dark versions light as in less salty so
so definitely be careful when you put
that in there because you've already
added salt in the beginning and you
overdo it you can't take it out
give it a good mix and you're gonna just
I'm gonna yack up they eat a little bit
and I'm gonna wait for it to come to a
good rolling boil and then you're gonna
go ahead and add in cornstarch but
before I do that let's go ahead and
taste it and make sure it's all
definitely
you probably do a little more hold on
that's good even not the other one you
had this wonderful product sesame chili
oil it's hot I don't know I that's got a
real kick so it means that second
you know we like a lot of salt so we're
gonna go ahead and add enough cornstarch
at this point and this is again optional
and how much you want to put this in
tightly after you mix it with some cold
water and you pour it it's basically a
thickening agent so if you like it
really thick gun you can use more
cornstarch or less if you don't you're
gonna wait for it to come to a boil
again and we've actually broken the egg
just lightly beaten it and we're gonna
do then just put it in so that it just
forms the strings over it again that's
an optional if you're opposed to eggs
you know you can just have it like this
it looks so good it's coming to a good
boy and you're gonna put it in very
slowly and I'm gonna keep stirring it so
looks great
this is perfect for cold weather which
is coming right now it's ready to go so
what you're gonna do is we're gonna put
it in a bowl and you're gonna put some
spring onions on top it's ready to eat
there's a join us again on another
episode of show me the curry calm I need
a pinch of spice to your life